java c
FASS1000
A2: Critical Analysis Task
Critical thinking, critically informed reading, and critically informed writing are essential to your study within Arts and Social Sciences. The goal of this assessment task is to showcase your critical analysis skills in 1500 words by way of assessing one piece of scholarship related to the topic of your choice. In this assignment, you will engage in a controlled use of AI to help you complete the task. Please read all of the instructions carefully before you begin so that you understand the steps needed to complete this task and the materials available to assist you.
There are four different topics, and each topic has three research-ready questions. You are required to use a research-ready question for this assignment. A research question helps to guide the direction of your research. It allows you to search, read, and think in a more focused manner.
The topics of this semester will be introduced and discussed in the Week 4 lecture and week 5tutorial. You need to rank these topics in order of your preference and submit your preference by the end of Week 5 (23:59 Friday, 30th August 2024) but ideally earlier i.e. during week 4-5. Once your tutor has received all the preferences, they will email you with information about the topic that you have been assigned.
This document provides additional information about reflective writing you might find useful; we are looking for critical reflection as described in this document.
The slides from the second SCANA workshop Download slides from the second SCANA workshoprelevant for this task may be found here (updated 4 Sept 2024).
Please note that if you don't attend tutorials, you will be presumed withdrawn from the unit, therefore you will be unable to submit this assignment.
A2: Critical Analysis Task Instructions
There are 4 steps to complete this task. The steps must be completed in order. Steps 1 and 2 will be completed in class time. Steps 3 and 4 are for you to complete on your own.
For each topic, we have provided a set of two relevant pieces of scholarship. You must select one of these two sources as the basis for your Critical Analysis task. We will also provide you with a summary of your chosen piece of scholarship which has been generated by AI. You must use the AI summary that we provide. You may NOT generate your own AI summary.
Step 1 [to be done in class time]: Read the article/chapter for yourself. Make a summary of the article/chapter using the questions below as a guide:
What is the argument being made in this article/chapter?
How is the argument supported?
How does the argument made in this article/chapter help me to develop my own response to the research-ready question?
Step 2 [to be done in class time]: Review the simulated summary (including the prompts used) of the article produced by AI which we will provide for each reference. Compare the summary produced by AI to your own notes on the article (produced in Step 1). Start by asking yourself - What is similar? What is different? Next, consider - What was gained by asking AI to produce a summary of your required reading? What issues or problems does "reading" academic articles/chapters in this way raise?
Important note: it is very important that you use the AI simulation provided rather than generating an AI summary on your own. There are important issues relating to intellectual property, ethics and equity-of-access to be considered in this assignment and our AI simulation has been carefully designed to address these. If you produce your own AI summary of your chosen article, you risk infringing on the rights of the authors as well as disadvantaging your peers. It will also be difficult for your marker to mark your assignment since your AI summary will be different to the simulation that we have provided.
Step 3 [each student will complete this in your own time]: Part 1 Write a 900 word reflection on the experience of reading the academic article/chapter in this way. In your reflection, you should think critically about the potential advantages and potential problems with using AI to generate summaries of academic articles/chapters for your research. Everyone must read the introduction to The Atlas of AI: Power, Politics and the Planetary Costs of AI by Kate Crawford, available in the Reading List, for this assignment. You must also research, read and reference two other works of peer reviewed scholarship relating to the use of AI in this section of your paper. (60%)
Step 4 [each student will complete this in your own time]: Part 2 Write a 600 word summary of your chosen academic article/chapter. You may use the simulated AI summary that we provided to help you but you may not simply re-produce writing generated by AI.    (40%) In your summary you must address the following questions:
   What is the argument being made in this article/chapter?
   How is the argument supported?
   How does the argument made in this article/chapter help me to develop my own response to the research-ready question?
A2: Critical Analysis Task Readings
Everyone must read the introduction to The Atlas of AI: Power, Politics and the Planetary Costs of AI by Kate Crawford, available in the Reading List, for this assignment. You should also research, read and reference at least two other works of peer reviewed scholarship relating to the use of AI in this section of your paper.
Here is the list of scholarship from which you can choose for your one piece of scholarship to analyze: Scholarship for A2
A2: Critical Analysis Task Topics
The topics for A2 and A3 are:
The Environment
There is now growing scientific consensus on the relationship between environment and human activities based on a large body of research showing the inseparable link between human activity, the environment, and our climate system. The emission of Carbon dioxide (CO2), for instance, causes changes in temperatures, sea-levels, as well as the occurrence of extreme weather events. While there are still some climate change sceptics questioning the evidence showing human-caused effects on th代 写FASS1000 A2: Critical Analysis TaskMatlab
代做程序编程语言e environment, the more frequent and devastating extreme weather events experienced throughout the world, point to the need for immediate and coordinated global action to address climate change.       
Research Ready Questions:
Given the world's large inequalities between countries, how should responsibility over climate action be assigned to achieve an effective global climate action?
Technological fixes alone are likely to be insufficient to avert a climate catastrophe. What political, economic, and social changes are needed for a more successful and timely response to climate change? (Focus on one of those fields (e.g. politics, economic system or social systems) to answer the question)
The current media landscape (of multiple media channels, including social media) has resulted in increasingly fragmented messages (including misinformation) around environmental issues and climate change. What are the consequences of this for tackling climate change? 
Work in the 21st Century
“Work is a crucial aspect of the human experience. The character of work and the conditions under which it is performed have a strong impact on people’s lives, as well as on global historical developments on a larger scale.” (Van Rossum 2016: 52) In contemporary modern societies work or the pursuit of work shapes our lives. But when we look closer at the links between work, human thriving, and social structure, it becomes clear that the presumed meritocratic system of work has applied only to certain social classes, ethnicities and racial groups. Furthermore, more and more people are unable to make ends meet through their work, leading many to reconsider the role of work in their lives.
Research Ready Questions:
Young people in Australia and in many other countries are more likely to be engaged in casual employment than the rest of the working age population. What are the advantages and disadvantages of the flexibility offered by this type of employment?
Why are more people (especially young people) deciding that work should not be the defining factor shaping their lives?
When an increasing number of jobs are said to be ‘taken over’ or performed by AI, what will the future of work look like?
Justice
Justice is a contested concept, and there are many ways in which it can be understood. One way of thinking about justice is in terms of obligations. We might ask: 'What do we owe to each other, and to the world around us?' Scholars who theorise about justice address questions such as: 'Who and what count as subjects of justice?' 'What obligations does justice give rise to?' and, 'How can we bring about, and maintain, just relations?' Increasingly, scholars are looking beyond the human, and considering the more-than-human world; some are thinking about our responsibilities to future generations; and a few are even advocating for love.
Research ready questions:
Historically, many theories of justice have primarily concerned humans; however some contemporary scholars argue that justice should involve the more-than-human world. Who and what are appropriate focuses of justice?
What is love, and what role - if any - might it play in justice?
The scale of the climate crisis depends, to a large extent, on actions we take as humans. If the scale of the climate crisis continues to increase, will this increase or decrease what we owe to future generations?
The purpose of the University
We have been thinking a lot in this course about the purpose of the University. We are doing this at a time when there are moves (again) to expand access to Universities, to practice inclusion and equity and to increase diversity across our campuses. The goal of promoting diversity, equity and inclusion is to build a University where everyone feels included and valued, regardless of their differences. Research shows that diverse communities are more creative, innovative and productive. While there are many benefits in promoting diversity and inclusion in society, there are also challenges to developing authentic diversity, equity and inclusion within our organisations, institutions and society at large.
Research ready questions:
How can University's include young people in decision-making? What are the challenges for Universities in doing this? What are the problems that arise if young people are not included?
A pressing challenge for universities and governments is how to be more socially inclusive, and extend higher education to groups that are under-represented in student populations. Who is un- or under-represented in Australian Universities? What are the barriers for these groups and how might they be dismantled to achieve full social inclusion (and is this possible)?
Should the Australian government implement a "universal student income"? What would be desirable about this? What would be challenging or problematic?
A2: Critical Analysis Task AI generate summaries
Remember: You may NOT generate your own additional summaries for this task. These summaries will appear shortly. You should review the topics as well as the articles/chapters first before looking at the summaries.
More Information
Your overall word count for this assessment is 1500 words, +/- 10%
A detailed rubric can be found at the bottom of this page. Grades will be assigned according to this rubric, and your achievement against each criteria will be noted during marking.
Please cite and format your references correctly using a standard citation format/style. We have happy for your to reference according to the Chicago 17th A (footnotes and bibliography) or any other referencing style. that you use properly and consistently. In Part 1 you will need to provide footnotes or in-text citations, and then a bibliography at the end of your writing. We recommend reading through Fisher Library's guide to referencing as you use and build your references. Footnotes and your bibliography do not count towards your word count. 
Assessments must be submitted as Word documents (.doc or .docx). Pages documents need to be converted before submission.

         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
